SPCTR-2882 -[Buttons] Color background getting transparent after installing the woocommerce plugin. (#3173)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Buttons - Color background getting transparent after installing the woocommerce plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Buttons - Resolved an issue in which the background color would appear transparent after installing the WooCommerce plugin.
```

Author: Updated suggested changelog. Thank you!
